%!TEX root ../minutesOfMeeting.tex
%
\thispagestyle{fancy}
\chapter*{Minutes of meeting}
\textbf{Document ID: AreaAware-MOM-20160212-01-01}

\section*{Call to order}
A meeting between Problematic and the customer of the AreaAware system.
\textbf{Location:} Problematic at Finlandsgade 22 8200 Aarhus N, Denmark.\\ Building: Edison Room E235.\\
\textbf{Date:} Friday 12-feb-2016. \\
\textbf{Time:} 10:00-10:30.


\section*{Attendees}
\textbf{From Problematic:} Jens Frost Lunding, Simon Østergaard Kristensen, Simon Bækkegaard, Jeppe Blixenkrone-Møller, René Rotvig Jensen \& Kim Lykke Johansen.\\
\textbf{Customer:} Casper Thule Hansen.\\\\
\textbf{Not present:} From problematic: Kristoffer Sloth Gade \& Ivan Bjerring Hansen.\\\\
\textbf{Meeting Moderator:} Simon Østergaard Kristensen.\\
\textbf{Minutes Taker:} Kim Lykke Johansen.

\section*{SRS HQ feedback}
The scope of this document should be described more effectively.\\
TETRA network should have its own section.\\
In section 3.1.1 there is an unfortunate sentence: "The COP should make it easier to plan and evaluate a civilian crisis.". It should be easier to plan how handle a civilian crisis, not plan it.\\
Section 3.1.3 \emph{Document overview} needs references to section numbers.\\
The customer requests Problematic to describe which types for informations that AreaAware will be able to handle, e.g. mark at a map where events are, text messages, video and audio.\\
Every event needs a more detailed description.\\
Be careful not to rely too much on existing systems, AreaAwares' communication should be better than existing systems.\\
Task 3: Description of focus options are missing, what are they.\\
Task 4: How do you register events? What data does an event consist of? E.g. Time, place, suspects?, number of injured and how severe are the injuries.\\
Missing reference for documentation of the SINE network.\\
It should be clear from the SRS that AreaAware HQ is intended to be used in an indoor environment or in some protection from the weather.\\
The customer questions the need for the hardware part of AreaAware. The mobile headquarters that exists have plenty of hardware and lack more space.
Therefore the customer requests some minimum requirements to hardware for AreaAware to run at.\\
The customer would like to know what data connection is needed for the system to be operative.\\

\section*{SRS Dismounted feedback}
Figure 3.1 is missing emergency responders and field commanders.\\
Task 1: The customer would like to be able to send video to HQ.\\
Task 3: Focus options should be specified in greater debt.
The field commander should be able to chose which are of his interest.\\\\
Units should provide more than just the SINE network.
Specify how the system expands to other networks than SINE.\\
The requirements regarding the environment does not match temperatures of a danish winter.
The environment requirements should also cover durability to dust, water etc.\\
Section 3.6 and 3.6 mention AreaAware HQ when it should be "dismounted".\\
Section 3.7 should also mention the dimensions of the device.

\section*{ConOps feedback}
Capability needs should be numbered.\\
The system should be able to be deployed in other countries, so be careful to only support the SINE network.\\
The environment requirements for dismounted should also cover durability to dust, water etc., those are requirements for our subcontractor.\\
The customer raises questions regarding the training of his employees to operate the system. This is described in the SRS, so reference to that.\\\\
The customer would like some figures to illustrate the scenarios.

\section*{SEMP feedback}
The document will be reworked based on the lecture from Wednesday 11-feb-16.

\section*{In general}
We do not sell the system well enough, why should the customer chose our product?\\
We need to convince the customer that we can deliver this system. \\
Therefore we should submit 5 extra requirements, both for the HQ and the dismounted device.

\subsection*{Delivery of documents}
Edits of already submitted documents will get their own folder on Blackboard, where they should be submitted.\\
Minutes of meeting should be send on mail to Casper.

\section*{Actions to be taken}
\begin{itemize}
    \item Form a glossary with names and other necessities, use this to streamline the documents regarding the system.
    \item Make a new, more descriptive, format of document ID. Should contain date.
    \item Edit every document according to concerns stated above in their respective section.
\end{itemize}
